I miss you
Saying it like this makes me miss you even more
Even while I'm looking at your picture
I still miss you
Time's so cruel, I hate us
Now it's hard to even see each other's faces
It's all winter here, even in August, winter comes
My heart is running on time, alone on the snow piercer
I want to go to the other side of the world, holding your hand to put an end to this winter
How much snow must fall for that spring day to come, friend?

Like the tiny dust, tiny dust floating in the air, like tiny dust
If I were the snow flying through the sky
I could reach you a little faster

Snowflakes fall down
And fall apart little by little
I miss you (I miss you)
I miss you (I miss you)
How long do I have to wait
And how many sleepless nights must I go through
Before I see you? (Before I see you)
Before I meet you? (Before I meet you, ooh-ooh-ooh)

Past the edge of this winter's cold
Until the spring day comes again
Until the flowers bloom again
Please stay there a little longer, stay there

Is it you who changed? (Is it you who changed?)
Or is it me? (Or is it me?)
I hate this moment, this time flowing by
We've both changed, you know?
Everyone does, I guess
Yes, I hate you, you left me
But I never stopped thinking about you, not even for a day
I miss you, honestly, but I'll erase you
'Cause it hurts less than to blame you

I try to blow you away
Like smoke, like white smoke
I say that I'll erase you
Truth is, I can't let you go yet

Snowflakes fall down
And fall apart little by little
I miss you (I miss you)
I miss you (I miss you)
How long do I have to wait
And how many sleepless nights must I go through
Before I see you? (Before I see you)
Before I meet you? (Before I meet you, ah-ah-ah-ah, ah)

You know it all, you're my best friend
The morning will come again
No darkness, no season
Can last forever

The cherry blossoms are blooming
Even this winter is coming to an end
I miss you (I miss you, ah)
I miss you (I miss you, ah-ah-ah)
Wait a little bit, just a few more nights (If you wait)
I'll be there to see you (I'll go there to meet you)
I'll come get you
I'll come get you, yeah, eh-eh, yeah, yeah

Past the edge of this winter's cold
Until the spring day comes again
Until the flowers bloom again
Please stay there a little longer, stay there